Update release-notes.md (#366)
timescale/docs.timescale.com-content: release-notes.md

what's already available? Jump down below to see what's
been released.

> ## PostgreSQL Version deprecation Notice

Reviewer: this looks slightly weird with 3 out of weird capitalized

Please note that with the release of Timescale 1.7 we are deprecating support for 

> PostgreSQL 9.x and PostgreSQL 10.x  The current plan is to remove support for these versions of PostgreSQL

Reviewer: 9.6.x

> Please note that with the release of Timescale 1.7 we are deprecating support for 
> PostgreSQL 9.6.x and PostgreSQL 10.x  The current plan is to remove support for these versions of PostgreSQL
> as part of the Timescale 2.0 release later this year. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that with the release of Timescale 1.7,
we are deprecating support for PostgreSQL 9.6.x and 10.x.
The current plan is that the Timescale 2.0 release later this year will
only support PostgreSQL major versions 11.x, 12.x, or newer.
```

Currently, we expect this major feature to be released
in the second half 2020, and we will share more information once
it's available.

## Release Notes

In this section, we will cover historical information on
past releases and how you can learn more.

### 1.7.0 (2020-04-16)

This release adds major new features and bugfixes since the 1.6.1 release. We deem it moderate priority for upgrading.
This release adds the long-awaited support for PostgreSQL 12 to TimescaleDB.
This release also adds a new default behavior when querying continuous aggregates that we call real-time aggregation. A query on a 
continuous aggregate will now combine materialized data with recent data that has yet to be materialized.

Note that only newly created continuous aggregates will have this real-time query behavior, although it can be enabled on existing continuous aggregates 
with a configuration setting as follows:

ALTER VIEW continuous_view_name SET (timescaledb.materialized_only=false);

This release also moves several data management lifecycle features to the Community version of TimescaleDB (from Enterprise), 
including data reordering and data retention policies.

**Major Features**

> *	#1456 Add support for PostgreSQL 12

Reviewer: can you link #1807 here instead because thats the PR actually implementing it

Author: I have made that update

> follow these [instructions](https://docs.timescale.com/clustering/getting-started/scaling-out).

Reviewer 2: What do you think about pointing to blog instead?  The connected docs don't really give a picture of the architecture & why you'd use -- a bit low level?

Reviewer 2: Namely, both of the articles, maybe as a bulleted list or something?

- https://blog.timescale.com/blog/building-a-distributed-time-series-database-on-postgresql/
- https://blog.timescale.com/blog/achieving-optimal-query-performance-with-a-distributed-time-series-database-on-postgresql/

Author: @mfreed are you ok publishing for now as is and let me update this next week (I agree with the suggestion I am just a little short on time but will do it over the weekend) but was hoping to push docs today just so they are up there and match the fact that the release is out  OK by you?
